This is the Evergreen
This is the
Evergreen forest.
Quiet, peaceful, serene.
That is, until
Bert Raccoon wakes up.
Bert Raccoon: Yahoooo!
Yeeeehaaaa!
Yikes!
Yaaaah...
Yeaaaah!
Luckily, he has some
good friends to help him out.
Life would be simple
in the forest except for...
Cyril Sneer!
And his life would be simple
except for...
the Raccoons!!
♪ (show theme music) ♪
Although it seems like
a typical quiet afternoon
in the Evergreen forest,
something special is
about to happen.
Something you look forward to
all year long.
Just listen.
Yay, school is over!
Hey Bentley,
how did you do?
I passed!
Summertime, here I come!
But in another
part of the forest,
summer holidays are the last
thing on Cyril Sneer's mind.
Yes, ladies and
gentlemen, the future is now.
Why pay workers, when
you can have robots?
Just sign this contract
and step into tomorrow.
Uh, Mr. Sneer...
Need a pen?
No. A demonstration!
Now that's what
I got in mind, too!
I'd like to see
this robotic system
in operation... now!
Always the shrewd
businessman, hey Knox?
Well, it'll be a pleasure.
To demonstrate the delicate work
these machines can do,
I have the plant set up
for olive packing.
And yes, you'll all get a
souvenir olive to take home.
Ha-ha!
Boys, initiate factory
automation program!
See these babies?
Ever wonder how you can get
the little red thing
in the olive?
Heh! Well, I don't know either.
And with the Sneer
Cybernetic Systems,
you don't have to know.
Just turn on the system,
and it'll do it for you!
Brilliant, eh?
I say, Sir!
I say!
Hey.. what?
Can you hear me up there?
What are you sweaty
saboteurs doing?!
Yow!!!
Panicking, Sir!
There's something
wrong with the program!
Fix it!!
Ha-hah! Minor glitch
in the program, Knox,
these things happen. Ha-ha!
Uh-huh.
Well, when you
fix the glitch,
let me know.
My new factory opens
in two days.
It would be a shame,
if I had to go elsewhere
for my machinery.
Uaaaah, help! Uaaah!
Hey, Knox, wait!
Don't you want your
souvenir, olive?
Auuuu! Help!
Uuh!
Ohh, she's gonna be a
Ohh, she's gonna be
a beauty! Right, Cedric?
Finest canoe on
Finest canoe
on the lake, Bert!
Yahooo!
School's out!
Whoopeee, I'm free!
Look at my report card, Bert!
Wow! Straight A's.
Wow, way to go, Bentley!
Congratulations, guy!
Thanks, Cedric. And now
let's get started on summer!
I don't want to waste a minute!
We're not going
to waste a second!
We're going to play
baseball and fly kites!
And build tree forts,
and go to movie matinees...
And swim and fish
and play 'Capture the flag'.
Aoooh!
And to start a whole
summer off with a bang!!
Three daring explorers will set
off on the unmapped tributary
of the Red Rock River!
This is going to be
the best summer in history!
No way guys,
this is gonna be...
THREE of the best
summers in history!!
I gotta a few
things to do, guys.
What do you say, we finish up
the canoe in the morning?
Okay, Cedric. See ya!
Hey, Bert,
you gotta come with me!
Wait'll you see what I got!
Are you sure you don't
want me to help out, Pop?
No, son. You go and
enjoy your camping trip.
Well, okay Pop. See ya!
Why me?
Pig 1: Well, boss,
maybe it's because...
That was a rhetorical
question, dimbulb!
just fix the system.
Pig 2: We're running
a diagnostic program
on the control system, boss.
Pig 3: Ho-ho, we'll have it up
and running in no time.
I've invested millions
in this robotics company,
and what do I get?
An olive in the ear!
I don't close
that deal with Knox,
you three
thimble brains will suffer!
Capeesh?
Pig 3: There! That should do it!
Enter!
Yaaaaaaah!
Pig 1: It's alive!
Boss!!
Wreck any
of that equipment,
and it's coming out
of your salary!!
Uaaaah!
How do you turn this
dad-blasted thing off?
Pig 2: The red--
Not that you're worth
saving, you understand?
Pig 2: The red switch!
Oh, yes! The red switch!
The red switch... Ohh, boys,
boys, oh, let me see.
Where... where is the red switch?
Oooh-oh-oh!
Pig 1: I think we know
the problem now, boss.
So do I!
Oooh-oh-oh!
It's you, three!
Now, get this
factory back online,
or you'll be in the
unemployment line!
Capeesh?
Capeesh!
Oooh, let's face it, fellas,
we need an expert
troubleshooter to help us.
Pig 2: Where are we gonna
find an expert on short notice?
Pig 3: That's it!
A short expert!
Come on, boys!
Pig 1: Hey, wait up! Guys...?
Thank you, Mr. Willow!
See you, Mr Willow.
Wow! A pair of
Thompson's Gazelle
Leapers!
The best
running shoes going.
And boy do they go!
There's nothing
like a brand new
pair of runners
to start the summer!
Do you know how fast I
can run in these shoes, Bert?
How fast?
The speed of light, and
I can jump as high as the trees!
I bet I can even jump across
Evergreen Lake.
No!
There's a whole
summer's running
packed into these shoes, Bert!
About a million miles worth!
So put 'em on! Put 'em on!
Not yet!
You see, you gotta wait
until summer really starts.
And ours won't really
start until we put
that canoe in the water.
You know, little buddy,
you've got a great
sense of tradition!
Oh! Hi, guys!
What can I do for you?
Pig 1: More to
the point, Bentley,
what can we do for you?
Pig 2: A future in
the world of business!
Pig 3: An opportunity that's
knocking on your door.
Pig 1: Open that door, Bentley!
Open it and come on in!
Pig 2: 'Cause remember,
opportunity knocks but once!
Guys, what
are you talking about?
You know, Bentley's never
been on a canoe trip before.
Oh wow, I we gonna
show him a good time!
I'll get it. Hello?
Ohh hiya, Bentley! What's up?
Pig 1: Tell him. Tell him!!
Um, it's about
the canoe trip, Bert.
Actually, it's about
the whole summer.
You see, I...
Oh! I-I see.
Oh no, no, it's fine.
Congratulations, little buddy.
That was Bentley.
He... he took a job.
For the whole summer!
And he agreed?!
Correct me if I'm wrong,
but yesterday was the last
day of school, wasn't it?
Pig 1: We'd never correct you
if you were wrong, boss.
Pig 2: He knows this
is a rare opportunity
for hands on experience.
Pig 3: It's an important first
step on his career path.
You sound like
you've been reading
those matchbook covers again.
Well, a major initiative of
such magnificent proportions
deserves a raise!
Ohh, we think so too boss!
And a high-powered
position to go along with it.
Oooooh! Whoopeee!
How does
Assistant Director
of Engineering
Development sound?
Like a dream
come true, boss?
I'm sure, Bentley
will feel the same.
I'll go give him the good news.
Pig1: Oh, dandy, just dandy!!
We got the brainstorm
of hiring Bentley,
and he gets a raise!
I can't believe,
he'd do this to us!
Now be fair, Bert.
It is a good job. And Bentley's
only thinking of his future.
Yeah, well,
as far as I'm concerned,
the future doesn't start
'til after the summer's over!
We might as well put
our canoe in the water.
Boy, are we going to
have some fun, huh Cedric?
Well, yeah...
Only, somehow it's not quite
the same without Bentley.
Have a look
at this one, Mr Sneer.
Brilliant,
Bentley. Brilliant!!
I'd have been in big trouble
without you, my boy.
It wasn't much. Just a
little error in the program.
Those little errors
are the ones that creep up
in the dark of night
and bite you in the neck!
Know what I mean?
We could have
fixed that, boss!
Hah! You three
couldn't fix lunch.
Get out of here.
You're disturbing Bentley!
No, it's okay.
Really, Mr. Sneer?
Well, they're
disturbing me!
I knew those porkers spelt
trouble the minute I laid eyes...
Ohh, there
goes the Wonder Boy!
Pig 2: Hm, little
Mr. Expert. La-di-daa!
Pig 1: And we're just dirt
under the boss's feet!!
Pig 3: The soap ring on his tub!
Pig 2: The grey spot on his tie.
Pig 1: Well, we're not
going to stand for it!
We brought Bentley
into the organization,
so we've got to push him out!
For our own good!
Great way to spend
the summer, eh Bentley?
Uhm, fiddling with computers,
earning a little cold cash?
And it'll
look great on my resume.
I'll have the system debugged
before Mr Knox's deadline!
Great! But don't worry,
there'll be plenty more
for you to do around here
the rest of the summer.
Oh! Well,
that's great, Mr Sneer.
Yeah. Well,
keep up the good work, son!
There,
chew on that for a while!
Okay, let's go for it.
Oh-ho!
Hey, look at me!
I'm Gary Lee Shoeless!
Pig 2: Can you believe it?
That little smarty pants
worked out the solution already!
Won't this come in handy!
Heh-heh!
Pig 3: Let's see boy-genius
debug this mess!
Imaginary Bert:
We're not gonna waste a second!
We're gonna play baseball
and fly kites!
Imaginary Cedric: And build tree
forts and go to movie matinees!
...and swim and fish and
play 'Capture the flag'.
Ugh!
This is going to be
the best summer in history!
♪ (sentimental music) ♪
♪
Cedric/Bert:
Uaaaah!
♪
Bert/Bentley:
Uaaaaaah!
♪
Aaaaaaaah!
Ohh no!
Oooh!
Looks like we did
too good a job.
What's happening?
Bentley!?
Darned bucket of bolts
almost creamed me!
Bentley!!!
Now, Mr Sneer,
I-I-I can explain!
Just about set, Cedric.
I hope we're not leaving
anything behind.
Just Bentley, I guess.
Hey, guys!
Oh yeah. Bentley.
Poor little guy.
Hey, guys, wait for me!
Bert/Cedric: What?!
Well, we haven't
got all summer, you know?
Let's get this show on the road!
Um, Bentley...
What.. what about your job?
What about it?
I was fired. No big deal.
Let's go!
And the last interrupt
vector initial video mode.
Zero one equals
40 times 25 colour, 10.
Or is that a 70?
Pig 2: Bentley is a genius,
but he should pay more
attention to his handwriting.
How's it going, boys?
Pig 2: Oh, just
tickety- boo, boss.
We'll have this factory
running in no time.
Great! Great!
Well, I won't hold
you responsible
for that Bentley fiasco.
Carry on, boys,
you're doing fabulous work!
Thanks, boss!
Pig 3: But it's Bentley who
should really get the credit.
Oh, the boss really
chewed him out, too.
Pig 3: I hate to admit it,
but I feel guilty
for deep-sixing Bentley.
Pig 1: And he's such a nice kid.
Pig 1: We're no good!
We're backstabbing, stinkers!
Pig 2: You almost
feel like confessing
the whole sordid
story to the boss!
Hello, boys!
Knox will be around
in the morning.
Pig 1: We did it, boss!
We messed up the computer,
not Bentleyyyy!!
Pig 3: Are you crazy?
Aren't our lives
miserable enough?
Anything else you'd like to
confess while you're at it?
How about the dent we
put in the limo? Hmm?
Oh, why don't you tell him about
the time we sold his cigars?
Well now...
do go on!
Pig 3: Oh-oh-oh!
Come on, tell all!
Pig 1: But you... you said
you wanted to confess.
Pig 2: Almost!! We said we
almost wanted to confess.
We didn't say we actually
wanted to confess!
Of all the two-faced,
filthy, lying,
twisted things I have done,
I have never stooped
as low as you three
malicious mud wallowers!!
No, boss!
Poor little Bentley.
He must feel lousy.
And the things I said to him.
I hope you're proud
of yourselves.
We're not, boss.
Where there's smoke,
there's a campfire.
We found them!
Ohh, good work, boss.
Hey, Bentley, I
thought you were going to peel
some potatoes for supper.
Yeah, I'll get to it.
So, uh... how
you feeling, Bentley?
How do you think?!
I just got fired from
my very first job!
Cheer up, little buddy.
You'll be fired from other jobs!
Not helping, Bert.
Heard enough to apologize
without putting
your life on the line.
If you feel a tug,
haul me up, pronto!
Yes, Sir!
Yeah!
Oh! Ah!...Oh! Ah!
Darn galoots!
Can't even figure out
which way is down.
And how do you think
getting fired from my first job
is going to look
on the old resume?
I'll probably never
get another job again.
I'll never be able
to pay the mortgage.
Mortgage?!
I'll end up
living in a tent.
Pig 1: There's the signal!
Haul him up!
And my car. How will I
keep up with my car payments?
Uh, you don't
have a car, Bentley.
Yeah, but
I've got to get one.
I might as well face it.
My whole life is ruined.
Pig 2: Boy, the boss is really
putting on the old lard.
I think you're going a bit
overboard with this, Bentley.
I mean, you're just a kid.
You don't know
what it's like to be
a kid these days, Bert.
You've got to get ahead
before it's too late.
Pig 1: Ohh!
Pig 2: Give it more power!!
Pig 1: Oh, wait a second.
Hey, I'll bet if you had
those brand new sneakers on,
you'd feel a whole lot better!
Then, not even Cyril Sneer
could wreck your summer.
It's already
too late, Bert.
My summer's all washed up.
Pig 1: Oh! I think
we just about got it.
Yikes!
Cedric/Bert: Look out!
All right, everyone!
Into the canoe!!
Pop?
Bert/Cedric:
Well, that
was a close one!
Good thing I was
in the neighborhood!
Yeah, Pop, but what are
you doing in the neighborhood?
We haven't got time
to find out now, Cedric!
White wateeeerrr!
Uaaaaaaaah!
Yahoooo!
Hooo! Now that was a ride!
(chuckles) I haven't
done that since I was a kid!
Speaking of which, Bentley,
you're off the hook!
That whole computer mess
wasn't your fault at all.
It wasn't?
I can have my old job back?
Of course not!
Never should have hired
you in the first place!
You're supposed to
enjoy the summer!
You'll have plenty of
time to be a grown up.
You know, I always wondered
where this river went?
Ah, w-w-when we come back,
we'll tell you all about it!
Cyril. Okay?
Relax, Raccoon! I've got
no intention of going with you.
I've had my summers.
Time has
always been a mystery.
A dull, rainy day can
seem to last forever.
On blue skied afternoons,
time just seems to
fly away on the wind.
But the most wonderful
time of all is summertime.
Keep at it,
you lowlife loin chops!
You blanked out the memory bank,
so you can fill it up again!
Pig 1: 400,000 pages!
Hoo-hoo! What page are you on?
Pig 3: Uh...3.
Pig 2: Ooooh!
Now I know what they mean
by a long, hot summer!
Ready Bentley?
Just about.
Ta-daaaaa!
Oh, wow!
How do they feel, Bentley?
They feel...
they feel like summer's
just started!
Let's go!
Yahoooo!
♪ (show theme music) ♪
♪ When darkness falls ♪
♪ Leaving shadows in the night ♪
♪ Don't be afraid ♪
♪ Wipe that fear from
your eyes ♪
♪ The desperate love ♪
♪ Keeps on driving you wrong ♪
♪ Don't be afraid ♪
♪ You're not alone ♪
♪ You can run with us ♪
♪ We've got everything
you need ♪
♪ Run with us ♪
♪ We are free ♪
♪ Come with us ♪
♪ I see passion in your eyes ♪
♪ Run with us ♪